【本文件为张文乐巴西外派协议PDF原件的完整文字提取，共20页，供翻译使用】

=== PAGE 1 ===
Assignment Agreement

This Assignment Agreement ("Agreement") is made on 2026-07-01 between:
1) Xiamen Sankuai Online Technology Co.,Ltd incorporated under the laws of The People's Republic of China, whose registered offices at Unit 302, No. 1, 10 Wanghai Road, Software Park Phase II, Siming District, Xiamen, China (hereinafter referred to as "the Company") AND
2) 张文乐 , ID No.35072119900321003X (hereinafter referred to as "the Assignee" or "You") (each a Party and together, the Parties)

WHEREAS,
1. This Agreement is entered into on the basis of the provisions of Meituan Group Global Mobility Policy.
2. The Parties agree that the Assignee will be assigned to the Host Company subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

1. Assignment Arrangement
You will be assigned from Beijing of Xiamen Sankuai Online Technology Co.,Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the "Home Location") to Sao Paulo，Brazil (hereinafter referred to as the "Host Location"). The employment contract between the Company and You will remain in force during the assignment.

2. Assignment Period
Both Parties confirm by mutual agreement that the Assignment Period is 12 months, supposedly, starting from 2026-07-01 ("Commencement Date") to 2027-06-30 ("the End Date"). I accept the Assignment voluntarily and I am aware of and promise to abide by the laws and regulations of the Host Location and the Company's rules. I will respect the religious beliefs and cultural customs of the Host Location. I declare that my current health condition meets the requirements of the assignment, with no history of major illnesses, and I am able to adapt to the climate, dietary habits and living environment of the Host Location.
The terms and conditions in this agreement will expire after the End Date.
The assignment shall officially take effect on the designated Commencement Date. However, if the first calendar day upon your arrival at the Host Location, the date on which you obtain the proper work permit/residence permit required by Host Location and the start date indicated in your official employment contract are subsequent to the Commencement Date, the Effective Date will be deemed to be the latest of these dates,

=== PAGE 2 ===
subject to confirmation by the Host Company. The assignment shall terminate on the End Date specified in this agreement or otherwise agreed by both Parties. Unless otherwise stipulated in writing, Assignment Related Allowances become valid from the Effective Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Assignment Period can be terminated, shortened or extended depending on business needs of the Company. The Company will keep the Assignee informed in writing and the Assignee so accepts any change of the Assignment Period to be decided by the Company. Should the Assignment Period be extended or early terminated, the terms and conditions shall be subject to review.

3. Title of Position
During the Assignment Period, the Assignee will remain an employee of the Company but shall provide services to the Host Company.
You will work as 高级客户经理Ⅱ in Host location.

4. Responsibilities and Duties
You are responsible for all duties assigned to you by the Host Company for the position. Moreover, the Company reserves the right to also assign other tasks to you in line with your abilities and knowledge.

5. Salary
During the Assignment, your salary and its relevant administration (including pay mix, salary range, salary increase, salary payment, etc.) are subject to the Home Location guidelines. You will be eligible to participate in the Bonus Program in your Home Location.

6. Payroll
During the Assignment, your salary and assignment-related allowances will be paid via the Host Location payroll in Host currency and/or the Home Location payroll in Home currency (as appropriate) on the basis of stated allowance amounts.
And the designated HR Team will review the recommended payment method on a country/region by country/region basis to identify whether a split payroll is advisable.

7. Exchange rate
The exchange rate will be applied in the calculation of assignment related allowances paid in both Home and Host Location. The adopted exchange rate for the whole assignment period shall be the fixed exchange rate released by Finance Department prior to the assignment.

=== PAGE 3 ===
8. Assignment Related Allowances
During the assignment, you will be entitled to receive the Assignment Related Allowance as follows, both amounts being net of personal income tax:
1) On or Before April 30, 2027: CNY 43000 per month,
2) On or After May 1, 2027: CNY 31000 per month.
Principally, Assignment Related Allowances should be granted pro-rated, based on the actual duration of the stay at the Host Location, unless otherwise agreed. For the purpose of management convenience, the Company maintains the prerogative to reclaim those Allowances or make any deductions, yet it will only exercise in exceptional circumstances stipulated in the Meituan Group Global Mobility Policy. The Company will keep recording your stay in both the Home Location and the Host Location during the assignment period, and the Company reserves the right to recover Assignment Related Allowance in proportion.
Assignment Related Allowances standards will be reviewed by the Company from time to time and subject to change. If you do not agree with such adjustment, you shall notify the Company within 3 days upon receiving the adjustment, and the assignment will be terminated before the effective date of the new standards. The allowance are made on split payroll arrangement, i.e., partially is paid via the Host Location payroll in Host currency, while the remaining is paid via Home Location payroll in Home currency. The designated HR Team will review the recommended payment method on a country/region by country/region basis in order to meet local laws and regulations compliance.

9. Social Security and Benefit Plan
When possible, you will continue to participate in the Home Location social security system.
You will be enrolled in the social security system of Host Location subject to the local laws and requirements, the associated cost will be borne by the Company.
If there's totalization agreement between home and host location, an exemption will be applied to waive the host location social insurance contribution, whenever possible.

10. Statutory Payments
Local laws and regulations in some Host Locations require the Host Company to pay the assignee for items such as Christmas bonus, vacation allowance, profit sharing, or severance benefits upon termination of the employment contract signed with the Host Company (including but not limited to unused paid time off, profit sharing or severance benefits, End of Service Benefits, etc.). To the extent permitted by applicable laws, the Company and/or the Host Company will pay these required benefits during the

=== PAGE 4 ===
assignment, but such paid benefits may be offset against other payment received by the assignee in the compensation package (including salary, Assignment-related Allowances).

11. Individual Income Tax
The tax equalization policy ensures that the assignee will receive neither advantage nor disadvantage due to the difference in income and social security tax cost between the Home and Host Locations. To this end, the assignee will be covered under the Company's tax equalization policy for the tax year the assignment begins through the end of that calendar year when the assignment ends.
The Company will engage third party provider(s) to assist the assignee in preparing Host Location tax return and Host Location tax reconciliation (i.e. mostly Foreign Tax Credit) during the international assignment. The fee associated with tax preparation will be paid directly by the Company. It will be the assignee's responsibility to provide and submit the required information to applicable government authorities both Home and Host Location, if needed, in a timely manner. Please note it will be the assignee's full responsibility to bear applicable tax related consequences of Home Location and Host Location including any liabilities arising from delayed or false tax information is provided by the assignee.

12. Immigration
Your assignment is conditional upon you are granted and maintaining appropriate work permits and visas allowing you to live and work in the Host Location for the duration of the assignment. The Company and/or the Host Company will provide you with assistance in applying for the necessary visas and work permit and payment for any associated costs, including but not limited to medical examination where required.
It is your responsibility to make sure that you have provided all correct information and take action promptly to enable the completion of your immigration application, and you should act in line with immigration laws.

13. Working Hours and Public Holiday Arrangement
Host Location working hours and public holidays will be applied during your assignment period.

14. Other Leaves
Other leaves (including, but not limited to annual leave, sick leave, maternity leave) will continue to accrue and be taken in line with Home Location's laws and regulations as well as the Company's policies during the Assignment Period. Normal application procedures must be followed, and approval must be granted by the Home Location manager and/or Host Location manager before leave is taken.

=== PAGE 5 ===
15. Confidentiality
You agree that you will not, during your Assignment and at any time, thereafter, make any unauthorized disclosure to any person, firm or corporation or use or attempt to use for your advantage or for the advantage of any other person, firm or corporation, any Confidential Information relating to the business affairs or trade secrets of the Home and Host Companies or any Confidential Information (howsoever obtained) about or provided by any third party received during the course of the Assignment. Furthermore, you will not engage in any activities that directly or indirectly compete with the business of the Company.
For the purpose of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" includes (but is not limited to) the commercial affairs and business transactions of the Host and Home Companies, information relating to employees, customers, clients and suppliers (whether former, actual or potential), contracts, pricing structures, financial and marketing details, business plans, management systems, new business opportunities, operations, processes, any technical data, designs, formulae, product lines, intellectual property, research activities, development projects and any other information which may be deemed to be commercially sensitive or price sensitive in nature. It also includes, again without limitation, any information contained in documents marked "confidential" or documents of a higher security classification and other information which, because of its nature or the circumstances in which you receive it, you should reasonably consider to be confidential. For the avoidance of doubt, disclosure includes (but is not limited to) disclosure on the internet and through any similar means or medium.
You acknowledge and confirm that if you breach the aforementioned commitments, the Company shall have the right to demand the immediate return of relevant confidential information, and you shall be obligated to promptly take reasonable remedial measures. You shall compensate the Company for all economic losses incurred due to infringement/breach of contract (including direct losses, indirect losses, and necessary expenses incurred in safeguarding rights, such as attorney fees, notarization fees, litigation costs, translation fees, etc.). You confirm that such conduct shall be deemed a serious disciplinary violation, and the Company reserves the right to terminate your employment contract without providing any economic compensation. Furthermore, regardless of your employment status, the Company retains the right to pursue civil and criminal liabilities against you.

16. Policy
Various terms outlined in this Assignment Agreement are defined in the most updated version of Meituan Group Global Mobility Policy in force (the "Policy", which will be provided to the Assignee separately before the assignment) and shall have the same meanings when used herein unless otherwise specified. You agree and accept the Policy is subject to amendment, suspension or termination from time to time at the discretion of the Company.

=== PAGE 6 ===
17. Miscellaneous
In the event of a material difference between the terms in the Assignment Agreement, and other employment contracts or offer letters signed with the Host company only for compliance purpose, the terms in this agreement shall prevail, unless otherwise agreed by both Parties in writing. Matters not covered in this Agreement adhere to your employment contracts with the Host Company and the Company's relevant policies and regulations.

18. Governing law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of People's Republic of China without regard to its conflict of law's provisions.

19. Jurisdiction
Any and all disputes and disagreements that arise from the execution of this Agreement shall initially be addressed through mutual consultation between the Parties. Should such consultation fail to reach a resolution, either party has the right to initiate legal proceedings in the court with competent jurisdiction at Home Location.
During the period of dispute resolution, if the dispute does not impede the fulfillment of other provisions within this Agreement, those provisions shall remain in effect and be continued to be executed.

By signatures below both Parties acknowledge that they have read and understand the Meituan Group Global Mobility Policy, foregoing Assignment Agreement，any arrangement the Company provide to you, and that both Parties agree to comply with all of the terms of the Meituan Group Global Mobility Policy, Assignment Agreement，any arrangement the Company provide to you.

AS WITNESS this Assignment Agreement and any annexes or appendices attached hereto have been signed by the Parties the day and year first before written:

Company Name: Xiamen Sankuai Online Technology Co.,Ltd
Assignee Name: 张文乐
(Seal)    Signature:_____________
Date:     Date:

=== PAGE 7 ===
Privacy Policy for Employees and Assignees
Updated on 06/2025

Xiamen Sankuai Online Technology Co.,Ltd and Keeta (the "Company", "We", "Us", "Our") are committed to protecting the privacy and security of Personal Information. In the course of the Company's business during the assignment, the Company collect and use Personal Information of employees/assignees. This Privacy Policy (the "Notice") is applicable to all employees/assignees in Brazil, describes the categories of Personal Information we collect, how we use this Personal Information, with whom we are likely to share it, what steps we take to ensure the Company's confidentiality and security.
We processing of Personal Information is in all cases subject to the requirements of applicable local law, internal policy, and where applicable or appropriate. To the extent this notice conflicts with local law in your jurisdictions, local law controls.

1. Categories of Personal Information We Collect from You
We may collect the following categories of Personal Information from you for the purpose indicated in this Notice.
• Identifying information, such as your full name, gender, date of birth, signature, social security number, national ID, passport and visa information, driver license information and immigration status and documentation.
• Contact information, such as your home address, telephone numbers, email addresses, and emergency contact information.
• Dependent's or other individual's information, such as their full name, address, date of birth, and contact details.
• Educational and professional background, such as your work history, academic and professional qualifications, educational records, references, and interview notes.
• Employment/Assignment details, such as your job title, position, hire dates, compensation, performance and disciplinary records, and vacation and sick leave records.
• Financial information, such as banking details, tax information, payroll information, and withholdings.
• Information Systems (IS) information, such as your search history, browsing history, login information, and IP addresses on the Company's information systems and networks.
• Geolocation data, such as time and physical location related to use of an internet website, application, device, or physical access to a Company office location.
• Precise geolocation, such as physical access to a Company office location, or GPS location data from Company owned vehicles.

=== PAGE 8 ===
• Contents of email, or text messages, if associated with company-provided device, service or accounts.
• Health and Safety information, such as health conditions (if relevant to your employment/assignment), job restrictions, workplace illness and injury information, and health insurance policy information.
• Credit history and criminal records data, utilized for background screening and vetting purposes where permissible and in accordance with applicable law.

We collect these Personal Information from you during your employment/assignment onboarding process, during the selection of your employee benefits, or during your employment/assignment process at the Company. When you provide Personal Information of another person (such as dependents and other individuals), you should show them a copy of this document and get their prior consent to share the information with us.

To the extent permitted by the applicable law, we may also collect Personal Information about you from third parties or public sources as needed to support the employment/assignment relationship or to engage with you concerning job opportunities at the Company. For example, before and during your employment or assignment with us, we may collect information from public professional networking sources, such as your LinkedIn profile, for recruitment purposes. We also may conduct lawful background screenings, to the extent permitted by law, through a third-party vendor for information about your past education, employment, credit and/or criminal history.

2. The Purpose for which We Collect, Use, or Disclose your Personal Information
To the extent permitted by the applicable law, the Company collects Personal Information to use or disclose as appropriate to:
• Comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including responding to subpoena or similar legal process to law enforcement agencies, regulators, and courts.
• Recruit and evaluate job applicants and candidates for employment.
• Conduct background checks.
• Manage your employment/assignment relationship with us, including for:
  - onboarding processes;
  - timekeeping, payroll, and expense report administration;
  - employee/assignee benefits administration;
  - employee/assignee training and development requirements;
  - the creation, maintenance, and security of your online employee/assignee accounts;
  - Please ensure that the emergency contact information you provide is true and valid, and authorize the Company to contact your emergency contact when needed, such

=== PAGE 9 ===
    as when you are not reachable or are injured or ill;
  - workers' compensation claims management;
  - employee/assignee job performance, including goals and performance reviews, promotions, discipline, and termination; and
  - other human resources purposes.
• Manage and monitor employee/assignee access to company facilities, equipment, vehicles and systems.
• Conduct internal audits and workplace investigations.
• Investigate and enforce compliance with and potential breaches of Company policies and procedures.
• Engage in corporate transactions requiring review of employee/assignee records, such as for evaluating potential mergers and acquisitions of the Company.
• Maintain commercial insurance policies and coverages, including for workers' compensation and other liability insurance.
• Perform workforce analytics, data analytics, and benchmarking.
• Administer and maintain the Company's operations, including for safety purposes.
• For client marketing purposes.
• Exercise or defend the legal rights of the Company and their employees/assignees, customers, contractors, and agents.
Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent to the collection and processing of your personal information.

3. How we may Disclose your Personal Information
Where permitted by the applicable law, we may disclose your Personal Information to the following parties to facilitate one or more of the purposes described above:
• Affiliates. Our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and other affiliates under the control of our corporate parent, for purposes consistent with this Notice or to operate shared infrastructure, systems and technology.
• Company service providers. Providers of services to the Company, such as payroll administration, benefits and wellness, human resources, occupational health, performance management, training, expense management, travel agencies, transportation and lodging, IT systems and support, information and physical security, background checks and other screenings, equity award administration, corporate banking and credit cards, health care, trade associations, insurance brokers, claims handlers and loss adjusters, and any necessary third party administrators, nominees, registrars or trustees appointed in connection with benefits plans or programs.
• Employee benefits providers. Providers of services to eligible employees as part of our employee benefits program (e.g., financial advisors, securities brokers, financial

=== PAGE 10 ===
institutions and providers of health, fitness, wellness, childcare and concierge services) who need your information to verify your eligibility and provide you with services.
• Our marketing audience. Current and prospective customers and other business contacts with whom we provide your Company contact details, bio, and company headshot photo, as well as other information you authorize us to provide, including on our website or in other publicly available marketing materials and communications as part of our marketing activities.
• Government authorities, law enforcement and others. Government authorities, law enforcement, courts, and others for the purposes described in the compliance, safety and protection section above.
• Business transfer participants. Parties (and their advisors) to transactions and potential transactions pursuant to which we sell or transfer some or all of our business or assets, including your Personal Information, such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution.
• Professional advisors. Accountants, auditors, lawyers, insurers, bankers, and other outside professional advisors who require your information in the course of providing their services.
• Customers and business partners. Customers, other companies and individuals with whom the Company does business or is exploring a business relationship.
• Other parties not listed above but that are identified at or before the point at which we collect your Personal Information.

Some of these recipients may be located outside of Brazil where different data protection legislations are adopted and that could not be deemed as having an adequate level of protection for personal data. We will only disclose the Personal Information to third-party service providers, who perform services on behalf of us, in accordance with applicable data protection laws, applying appropriate safeguards where necessary such as standard contractual clauses or any other appropriate measures approved by the competent regulator from time to time. You can obtain more information about the implemented safeguards by writing to your supervisor or designated HR by email hr.global.services@meituan.com.

4. Retention Period of your Personal Information
We will store Personal Information in accordance with applicable laws or regulatory requirements and retain data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the Personal Information was collected.

5. Workplace Security and Monitoring
To the extent permitted by the applicable law, we monitors our IT and communications systems primarily though our security software. The primary purpose of this monitoring is the

=== PAGE 11 ===
Company's legitimate interests in protecting the Company's employees, customers, and business partners. For example:
• For systems, applications, and network security, including in particular the security of IT systems and assets, and the safety and security of the Company's employees and other third parties;
• For network and device management and support;
• For the protection of confidential information and company assets;
• For other legitimate business purposes as permitted under applicable law.

You should be aware that any message, files, data, document, facsimile, audio/video, social media post or instant message communications, or any other types of information transmitted to, through or from, received or printed from, or created, stored or recorded on our IT and communications systems and assets (included via the use of personal devices accessing corporate IT systems), are presumed to be business-related and may be monitored or accessed by us in accordance with applicable law and subject to the Company's own policies on access to and uses of such data.

In accordance with the applicable law, we also monitor our offices, and other workplace facilities, through video monitoring such as closed-circuit television ("CCTV") and badge scans for security, life safety, campus utilization trends and workplace analytics, corporate workplace policy compliance, and building management purposes. CCTV is primarily used at office entrance and exit points, elevator lobbies, rooms where there may be valuable equipment, such as server rooms, and in other select areas with a high risk for theft or with highly sensitive assets. CCTV is not used in private spaces such as restrooms, new mothers' rooms or locker rooms. Nor is it used to monitor employee workstations for performance reasons.

6. Privacy and Security of your Personal Information
We implement commercially reasonable administrative, technical and organizational measures to safeguard your Personal Information including encryption, anonymization and physical security procedures to ensure a risk-appropriate level of security related to your Personal Information.
We require our staff and all third parties service providers working for the Company to adhere to strict standards of security and information protection, including contractual obligations under which they undertake to protect all Personal Information and apply strict data transfer measures.

Notwithstanding the above, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, the Company cannot guarantee that your Personal Information is under absolute security with the existing security technology.

=== PAGE 12 ===
7. Your rights
Under the applicable law, you have the right to:
• request access to your personal information;
• request rectification or correction of your personal information;
• request deletion of your personal information in certain circumstances including where it is no longer necessary for us to process the personal information for the purpose it was collected, where you withdraw your consent and consent was the sole legal basis for processing and if we become aware that your personal data is being processed in a way that violates the applicable law;
• request restriction of processing of your personal information; and
• withdraw your consent.

You can exercise your rights by contacting us using the contact details below. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable data protection authority.

8. How to contact us
For employees, including assignees, the controller of your Personal Information is the Keeta entity that employs you, and, in the case of an international assignment, the Keeta entity to which you are assigned.
If you have any questions about how we process your Personal Information or want to exercise your privacy rights, you can contact your supervisor or designated HR by email hr.global.services@meituan.com.

9. Changes to this Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you by posting an updated Notice on our website and listing the effective date of such updates.

I, __张文乐___, understand and agree all the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy for Employees and Assignees.

Date 2026-07-01

=== PAGE 13 ===（本页原文为中文，翻译时保留中文原文并补充英文对照）
税收平衡政策员工确认函

本人确认已阅读并同意遵守美团现行的税收平衡政策的所有规定。

本人确认公司已告知我遵守派出地和派驻地所要求的工资发放程序。

本人知悉任何派驻地和/或派出地从我的薪酬中预扣或支付的税款，将由公司直接支付给相应的税务机关，或在某些情况下由公司支付给我，再由我支付给相应的税务机关。这些程序从本人被派往派驻地之日起生效，并将持续到本人回到派出地为止。

本人知悉公司支付的任何税款都是税负平衡政策中规定的公司责任，并将作为年度税负平衡结算与最终纳税义务进行核算。在任何情况下，公司支付的税款均不得视为本人有权获得的任何形式的补偿。

本人知悉根据税收平衡政策，个人收入不享受税收平衡。任何个人收入在派出地或派驻地产生的所得税均由本人自行承担。本人同意按照所适用税法的要求报告任何个人收入。

为确保遵守派出地和派驻地的税务法规，美团和/或其授权的税务供应商将准备与本人派遣相关的个人所得税申报表和年终税负平衡结算。本人知悉并同意与美团和/或其授权的税务供应商合作准备纳税申报表和年终税负平衡结算。

每年，本人应向公司支付的任何税负平衡结算（包括预扣的假设税款和公司支付的实际税款）将在以下最早日期全额支付:

1. 对于少扣的假设税款 - 在收到最终税款结算后30天内结算;

2. 对于应退还给公司的税款 - 在收到实际退税后30天内退还（包括与海外税收抵免结转有关的退税）。

如果未能在指定期限内偿还任何债务款项，一经公司要求，债务款项将立即到期并由本人偿还。

在法律允许的范围内，本人同意在此授权公司，从我的工资和派遣津贴中预扣，包括但不限于遣散费、假期等，以及因公司向我或代表本人支付税款而产生的本人拖欠公司的任何款项。如公司提出要求，本人同意配合公司届时出具相应书面授权文件。

如果出现阻碍本人在指定期限内缴纳税款的情况，本人将以书面形式通知公司并说明情况。

=== PAGE 14 ===
本人知悉，仅提供此类通知并不能以任何方式免除本人对公司的义务，公司保留基于该书面通知中所述原因提供或拒绝调整后的还款计划的唯一权利。

员工签名（空白）  日期（空白）

张文乐    000637

=== PAGE 15 ===
Confidentiality Level: C4

Confidentiality Commitment Letter

I, 张文乐 (ID No.35072119900321003X), as an employee of Keeta team, an employee from Meituan(美团) collaborating with Keeta team or an employee from the supplier of Meituan/Keeta, may have access to Keeta's confidential information (trade secrets) due to work requirements. I hereby make the following commitments regarding the confidentiality of such information:

1. Confidential information refers to any technical, operational, business planning, annual strategy, organizational structure, personnel, and other commercial information and materials related to the aforementioned projects that I come into contact with during the course of my work, including but not limited to: the fact that Meituan/Keeta is considering or planning the project, the objectives, timelines, all plans generated during the project process, business and project data during the project preparation and activities, budgets, lists of partners or users related to the project and their contact details, the company's business model and business plans, company valuation, tax planning, and any information related to the project obtained from third parties by the company but subject to confidentiality obligations. I acknowledge that the above information is classified as Meituan/Keeta's top-secret information and confirm that it is not publicly known, has commercial value, and has been subject to appropriate confidentiality measures by Meituan.

2. I understand that strict confidentiality measures must be taken when accessing, using, transmitting, or disclosing the above information and materials, including but not limited to: marking documents and materials with a confidentiality level, encrypting documents, restricting the scope of personnel authorized to transmit such information, and using secure and stable communication channels. These measures shall be applied regardless of whether the information is already known to the public or whether the disclosing party has taken confidentiality measures during the process of disclosure.

3. I commit to properly safeguarding and using the above confidential information. I will not obtain confidential information through improper means such as theft, fraud, coercion, electronic intrusion, downloading, or copying. I will not disclose, use, or permit others to use the confidential information that I possess or obtain. I will not induce, entice, or assist others in violating their confidentiality obligations. I commit to taking all reasonable and necessary measures to prevent the dissemination, disclosure, copying, use, and access or acquisition of such information, data, and materials by unauthorized personnel. I will not use such information for purposes other than fulfilling my job responsibilities, including but not limited to discussing it in public places outside of a confidential environment.

4. I confirm that while diligently fulfilling the confidentiality obligations set forth in this Commitment Letter, I am still bound by the provisions of my Employment Contract, Confidentiality Agreement and relevant rules and policies of the company.

5. Without written authorization from Meituan/Keeta, I shall not publish or provide any confidential information of Meituan/Keeta under the name of Meituan or as an employee of Meituan/Keeta. Without prior written approval from Meituan/Keeta, I shall not directly or indirectly disclose or reveal any part of the confidential information to any third party or make it public in any form or manner.

6. My confidentiality obligations shall commence from the time I obtain the confidential

=== PAGE 16 ===
information and shall continue until such information is lawfully disclosed by Meituan/Keeta or until I am notified that my confidentiality obligations are waived.

7. If I violate the above commitments, the company shall have the right to demand that I immediately return the relevant confidential information, and I shall be obligated to take reasonable remedial actions immediately. I shall compensate Meituan/Keeta for all economic losses (including direct and indirect losses) resulting from my infringing or breaching actions. I acknowledge that such actions will be considered a serious violation of discipline, and the company shall have the right to terminate my employment contract without any severance pay or compensation. Additionally, company reserves the right to pursue my civil and criminal liabilities.

Signature of the Committor: ______________ （空白，未签署）

=== PAGE 17 ===
International Assignment
Key terms
From Mainland China (Home) to Brazil (Host)

We are hereby informing you Assignment Allowance and Housing Subsidy Payment due to the assignment extension arrangement. This change reflects our commitment to supporting you during your assignment.

Level: Level 9
Effective Date: 1 July 2026

表格（Standard / Effective Date / Payment until）：
- Assignment Allowance Net 外派综合津贴: [CNY 43,000] | 1 July 2026 | 30 April 2027
- Assignment Allowance Net 外派综合津贴: [CNY 31,000] | 1 May 2027 | Assignment end
- Housing Subsidy Net 住房津贴: [BRL 10,000] | 1 July 2026 | Assignment end

Note 1: If you stay in company-arranged permanent housing, the housing subsidy will NOT be paid in full to you in cash. It is only when assignee is on self-arranged permanent housing, the housing subsidy mentioned above will be paid in full amount.

We appreciate your hard work and dedication to Keeta. If you have any questions regarding this change, please do not hesitate to reach out to your HRBP.

For general questions regarding your international assignment, you may also contact:
Keeta GMS Central Team: Esther Chen, Estherchen@meituan.com
Keeta GMS Brazil Operation Team: Wanessa Fideles, wanessafideles@keetainc.com

Acknowledgement confirmation to us: I hereby confirm that I have read, understood and acknowledge the terms as detailed above.

Signed: （空白，未签署）
Date: （空白）

=== PAGE 18 ===
International Assignment
Benefits Summary

Global Benefits
（表格：Assignment support elements / Global Benefit Provided）

Relocation support:
► Interim living
► Destination services
→ ► Up to 30 nights interim living (can be up to 30 depending on location)
  ► Destination services based on host location

Relocation allowance
→ ► One-Time Net Allowance CNY 8,000 will be paid upon departure

Relocation travel
→ ► One-way travel in economy class per relocating family member (assignee and qualified accompanied family) from Mainland China to Brazil
  ► Ground transportation to and from airport

Visa & Immigration Support
→ ► Visa/work permits/residence permits/civil ID application/extension/cancellation per relocating family member (assignee and qualified accompanied family)

Medical checkup & Renewals
→ ► YES, continued to be provided in home country
  ► YES, specifically for visa and immigration purpose

Immunization
→ ► YES, for visa & immigration purpose or otherwise mandated in the host location

Global Travel Insurance
→ ► Automatic enrollment for assignees upon departure if assigned from mainland China
  ► Enrollment for accompanied family member upon voluntary registration

Emergency Evacuation
→ ► 24/7 assistance center hotline to provide emergency assistance
  ► Risk alerts and guidance in handling risk events

Medical Consultation
→ Covered under Employee Assistance Program

Culture/Language/Individual Income Tax Training
→ Arranged periodically by the company on as needed basis

=== PAGE 19 ===
International Assignment
Benefits Summary

（表格：Assignment support elements / Global Benefit Provided）

Home visit
→ ► Air ticket: One home leave round trip flight, per 6-month on assignment (no pro-rata)
  ► Travel leave: 2 ~4 days of the assignment benefit leave per home visit are provided based on distance from the home location to the host location

  探亲假天数矩阵表：
  | Home（派出地） | Host: North/Latin Americas | Host: Middle East/Europe | Host: Asia-Pacific |
  | Mainland China/Hong Kong | 4 days | 2 days | No leave available |
  | Middle East | 2 days | No leave available | 2 days |

Child Tuition
→ Tuition fee for eligible accompanying children (aged 3 ~ 18) for tuition at schools in the host location, covering 50% of the invoice amount up to an annual limit of CNY 130,000 per child.

Income Tax Annual Filing Service
→ Individual income tax filing services for home and host country where applicable

Commercial Insurance
→ Continuous enrollment in the home company's commercial insurance at the home location, covering medical, accident, critical illness, life insurance, and other welfare-related insurance types

Exchange Rate Fluctuation coverage
→ The company will provide exchange rate compensation on an after-tax basis for amounts paid at the host location if the exchange rate differential exceeds 5%, specifically to cover any losses incurred by the assignee due to the fluctuation.

=== PAGE 20 ===
International Assignment
Benefits Summary

Local Benefits in Brazil
（表格：Assignment support elements / Local Benefit Provided）

Housing subsidy
→ Limited housing subsidy BRL 10000 per month (BRL 11500 per month with accompanied children) paid as a NET CASH allowance to help with the cost of housing in the host, if you are on self-leased permanent housing.
Note: if the relocating family choose to stay in corporate apartment arranged by the host company, cash housing subsidy does not apply.

Housing support
→ Self-arranged permanent housing:
  ► Housing loan to advance security deposit if needed
  ► Housing search, contracting, and move-in support via designated destination service provider/local admin team
  OR
  Corporate apartment, if applicable

Host Commercial Insurance
→ Health/Medical/Dental insurance:
  Assignees will be enrolled in Keeta Brazil's health, medical, dental, and life insurance as soon as they have the proper visa, are onboarded, and become eligible for enrollment.

Meal Vouchers
→ Caju Visa (credit card)/cash equivalent - BRL 40,00 per working day

Keeta Wallet free balance(Keeta) / Food Vouchers(IEST)
→ Caju Visa (credit card)/cash equivalent:
  ► Keeta Wallet - free balance: R$ 20,00 per working day. (R$ 440,00 per month with 22 working days)
  ► Food|Grocery voucher with R$ 20,00 per working day. (R$ 440,00 per month with 22 working days)

The applicable rules for the above benefits are subject to the Keeta International Assignment Policy.

Upon repatriation, Relocation support, Relocation Travel and Relocation allowance will be provided. However, depending on the actual termination scenario (e.g., reassignment, assignment suspension, localization, etc.), such entitlements will vary and your HRBP will let you know what exact benefits you are entitled to at termination.

The above summarizes the benefits offered during your assignment in Brazil. For detailed information about the schemes and how to utilize it, please refer to the assignee guidance@ https://km.sankuai.com/collabpage/2731478601

【原件提取结束】
