16:33:56	Ta, e tomorrow. Brigado Vivian. va present Lucas, you know. A very tight day, okay?
16:34:38	But this is not my And yeah… Okay, Gita Okay, so… This is the final lessons, and I think this You mainly care about this, because this is attacking right now by the competitor The red one, the yellow one, especially for the yellow one, okay. So…
16:35:12	This lesson has two parts. First part is I will share some more information about how we are already understanding about our competitor For the yellow one. And the second part can go and Gabriel will bring everyone to analyze some case. Okay, how we can handle in this case. This case is mainly is maybe is into each one of Normally, right now case, okay, the normal case, you're facing right now because I think Well, I need to see, okay, there's any districts, country still And not receive any competitor exclusive, yet No?
16:36:09	And the yellow exclusive, okay? The yellow exclusive. You see, any yellow exclusive yet, okay.
16:36:15	Okay. So your history is more than 5 K's hands up. At least more than 5 kids 5KG, okay, 5K's not city, okay? Of course, you have five you have 50 cases, okay?
16:36:36	Yeah, okay, oh, okay, that okay the SMBD, okay. So But this topic is more understanding How our competitor they are doing, because in China there's always Wall Street. You need to understanding the competitor and understanding yourself And you will never fail, okay? You will always succeed, okay? It's a very old book. It's called Okay, huh? I think, and also at the I think he's the king of the war, okay, in China, okay? The god of the war, okay, the god of the war, okay? We call that God of the war. And he have this book is talk about How the the war, the artists of the war, okay, how to fly a war. There's a famous word inside, okay? You need understanding the competitor and understanding yourself And then you will never fail, okay?
16:37:48	So And I will ask you, okay, how you understanding our competitor, how much you understanding our competitor, what they are doing right now So, the first open open discussions.
16:38:10	What do you think? How much market share in your with yellow in your area, you think? How much market share of them 30%, 30%. Okay Same. Anyone you think is higher than B? Bianca?
16:38:41	40. Okay. Chanti, you are a new BDM, right? Which area is Satb, right? Okay Which district PPE is the eastern or the middle A middle, right? Okay.
16:39:01	Matthias. What? 37. This is the real number, right? You're from 99, okay? Okay. Is that true? This is the core area. They have that higher Really?
16:39:23	Oh, okay, it's the same portal. The whole sample room, including the Metropolitan Okay.
16:39:32	Hmm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is the true number, okay? But I think right now, maybe they are already higher than this number, higher than this number. I believe sometime their market share is higher than iFood, okay? They are really aggressive in these two months. Okay, we Because the The 99 CEO, the DDCEO has come to Brazil. Okay, so they did they very aggressive to push the hill upon okay for the user you will see. And also they launched the grocery So the answer, each one have the account, okay?
16:40:13	And then We can. I can give more car. Okay? So what do you think yellow strategy and playable actually is in Brazil or in San Paulo. What is their main strategy? Okay, Hanini first, okay?
16:40:32	Yeah, I think the main strategy is block KITA to block KITA. And second is money. Money, yeah, we also money too, okay? What about their money? Pay the merchants to block Kita so merchants use the exclusive strategy Yeah. Okay, tuka.
16:40:55	Nice, huh? We also have coupon. What difference with them? Zero fees for some cases, coupons. What do you mean? Zero fee? No commission fee This is another is for the merchant commission. Yes, the merchant commission. So you talk about the merchant commission or coupon Both. Both, okay. So just merge commission free zero. Yeah. Okay, one car. Okay. Coupon is not a strategy. Every platform have coupon okay The 990 can get the quality and the promotions, the show strategy block the quality merchants with exclusivity and get more promotion with money. Quality or quantity Quality, quality. Commerce with more quality. the yellow sand, the contractual sign exclusivity and block the quality merchants. And the second one is about the money to do promotions, more promotions, aggressive promotions quality and the okay one car You're from 99, no answer. Yeah I will let you say, okay? Paisi.
16:42:40	Especially 99 has opened in the stock market, so they're listed on stock markets. So their strategy is to stranded their brand. And yeah, to grow their brand. What's stock market No, it's like stock, you know, you can buy, you can be a partner, you know, you can buy a part of invest, investment.
16:43:08	This is new for me, okay? Yeah. Okay. It's like me too, and they're opening the Hong Kong market, you know, for the investors, so you can buy a piece of it. They're listed They are open restaurant that's mini It's me.
16:43:34	Yeah, but connecting his food delivery strategy in Singapore? Is there to make their brand stronger? So that's why to give more value so more people can give a card The mother company, okay, I can bring DD, okay? They are trying to already be a listed company in New York But after that, we are listed company and because they have some broad role in China. So the China government brought them and almost closed them. Okay, so they have to close the stock market, retreat like Recall from the New York stock market, okay? Right now, they are already not in the public stock market, but they are trying go back China, Hong Kong to become a lease company again So this is from DD right now Ali, you have new information I think mainly the delivery war is about burning money. So the differences will be, how are you going to burn this money, especially that you know Maitland has a, like you mentioned earlier, has a very big, capital Okay, compared to compared to yellow How they burn the money, yeah, we need to burn, and we also burn the money too, okay? Yeah. The difference is, I think.
16:45:12	yellow in their strategy first to kill Keita actually because if Kita Gita, they have to kill Kita on the supply phase, because if Kita finish their target with the supply. It's very almost impossible to beat them at the operation, you know? This is, for me, they seek it like that. So they are doing everything exclusive exclusive or, contract, or Even… even trying to take it out and take supply in both in one move. So I think this is their strategy. Okay, this is the line. Bankita, okay, exclusive strategy. Yes, yes. Okay, okay, Bianca.
16:46:00	So they're trying to use their mobility database to acquire a user, and also use their own drivers to also deliver.
16:46:11	Yeah, this is also I think it's also it's 99 advantage because they have mobility and also have a good Caribbean resource at the beginning, original, okay?
16:46:27	Okay. Okay. Yeah, final. Alinda, quesanda exclusividades Uber.
16:46:53	So, they practice low AOV to beat iFood and to block kita. They did the same thing with Uber, so they practiced low fees, and to the final customer, so they are more competitive on their prices. Which teach you handling right now So Bernardo Okay. Tuca, okay, that's the main strategy Right? I come from with yeah that's fine. Okay. Maybe send those sandwiches your new 99 market any you can share However, there's any new for 99 incentives? The main thing, like, when they started there on the 14th of July, is being very aggressive on the promotions and also the zero commission and banning Kita as well. So, everything mentioned this here, but in Santos, we're feeling that a lot at the moment Because it's being very recent for us, the third player there. Okay, okay. Yeah Most of you already mentioned the facts we are facing at the market when we are visiting the merchants, the merchants tell us, our PD visiting the merchant, the merchant tell us. So all this information is separate, okay? Maybe this merchant have this information, that merchant have that information But sometimes we need to combine all the information and to analyze to get the core inside this information. What is their real strategy? So I also summarize How is the 99 surgery At least it's in San Paulo, because I think Night, they have a different strategy because right now, they are not just launched at San Paulo and Santos, right? They launched many big city in the whole, whole country. So they And maybe in some city there are no kita. They have another strategy. So I still not researching the other CTEs for 99 strategy, so I'm just talking about their strategy in the San Paulo and Centers. So I think I can summarize this main is these three key keywords First is there are two kinds exclusive. One is the full exclusive.
16:49:35	The second is the semi-exclusive just bank account, right? Right now, before they launch or before this year, I mean, last year, they only have the half exclusive Bankita. And because they cannot exclusive with iFood, right? iFood is really strong at that time, okay If he goes to find the iFood exclusive, say you sign exclusive with me The KP, you think you are idiot, right? But also they are trying to break exclusive always like us, okay? But also it's difficult. It's difficult. It's not just us cannot break if we exclusive, but 99 also is difficult to break the IFO exclusive true because iFO exclusive is really strong, really strong. But exclusive is their core May strategy at Brazil Especially at the beginning, they already do the bank for one year. When we join, come to Brazil, I remember the second month, we already Then that time, we don't have any PD, okay? We already know they are paying a big amount of the other money to buy the brand, especially for the local hero, the SA brand. As we know right now the big plan for 99 exclusive line Which brand? Did you know? Name some, okay? But we're cane.
16:51:21	What? Okay, yeah, okay, I know. Yeah, any The big brand, international brand, any?
16:51:36	Starbuck, yeah. And Some pizza. Which pizza? Pizza hot, okay. Domino.
16:51:46	And also have Which brand? Happy B, yeah, happy beat. This is the famous band and also they are Brock, okay, by 99. Okay, you know, okay. Actually, they hear it almost okay to Also, they offer by McDonald's and KFC, okay? But McDonald's KFC reject them, okay? So, they already offer all of the big brand, okay, in Brazil, huh? So is already doing this for one year. But this is for last year, the strategy is brought the big brand. But at this year focus on another side okay like some local Hilo some high, I can say it's high con high order amounts merchants high order amount merchant. Not every merchant is the good quality merchants. Okay.
16:52:51	So… but they are keeping, keeping to doing the exclusive. This is their priority, the main exclusive main strategy. And the second is, yeah, burning money. You say the coupon, the promotion But all of this, we can summarize their aggressive pricing strategy.
16:53:13	So aggressive pricing strategy is combined by two things. One thing is what we are seeing is the promotion. Many, many big promotion 99 subsidy and also merchant need to subsidy a lot, 40% off, 50% off 9.9 pizza, 9.9 burger combo This is they are very aggressive promotion strategy But behind this, we Or, I think most of us, okay, is ignore something is their price, original price strategy also is a very, very important strategy for the 99 They have sale commission because seal commission they are they are asking the merchant needs to provide the dying price, right? Dying price. Actually, not many merchant provide the dying price. But It also makes them the price is lower than us, lower than iFood because our price at the original is all in copy. Okay, iFood iFood you sell 100, we sell 100 iFood, you sell 60, we sell 60.
16:54:28	But not is okay, Kita i4, you sell 60. I sell 55. You sell 55. I sell 50.
16:54:38	So is there's price strategy from the original price I'm lower than you I used time price And also, I think buying price, this strategy is that they are going to Saudi Arabia, to London, our strategy in Saudi Arabia at the beginning. And we're also doing this strategy in Saudi Arabia. But this is not our My strategy. Maybe they think this is our main strategy, so they copy this into Brazil But it's not very successful. They can make every restaurant be buying price, but they are successful to make the price lower than us Well, without the merchant can phone, right? They cannot the merchant, they cannot change the price. They cannot change the is change the menu. This is their price strategy. And this price, because this price strategy make their order, volume growth very, very strong, okay? Especially in this the number three strategy The number fee strategy is connecting with their price strategy to make their market share can increase very fast. It's because they are focusing on the place I would not really invest A lot, not really focus a lot, not really push more resource a lot We have 99 who come from iFood, just come from iFood Anyone?
16:56:20	I have a new iPhone. Your new iPhone? No new iPhone here, okay? I'm meaning 2025, you are in iPhone. Did anyone here? No. Okay, we don't have new iPhone So IFO's strategy is You will see if they are strategy is very clear and also very smart. They're using small resource And they can get very high I'll say income. I can call it the income okay because They are all exclusive. Actually, they don't need to pay a loss. But they can get many, but they are forcing very specific, okay, very focusing for the high-quality merchants, high quality merchant, the local Hilo merchants These merchants, this restaurant, they are all is a very famous in the local in the neighborhood. They have many loyalty user. They have many middle and higher quality users So that will make iFood very strong. But where this user, this user is concentrating in the core area, Central Western, in some place in the I think in the Middle of San Paulo, and also someplace in southern San Paulo, okay? They also have this concentrated, okay? But 99. They take around okay because iPhone is joined here. So he go outside Okay, he will invest in Osazco, right materials. The Western, the southern The eastern, the northern The pool area, the favela area, even Gyadjuana, right? Okay, they're doing a lot, they're paying a lot in Gyadma, okay?
16:58:25	So That will make this, this area because what this area look like What is this area user look like After releasing about the business framework. I think you have an answer in your mind, okay? Then maybe price sensitive user in this area, red price sensitive user. But this user, they are long term sustainable user I cannot say no, and also I cannot say yes, because we don't know yet.
16:59:05	Because sometimes maybe user behavior need to you need to training them, you need to coaching them. Maybe they will have this habit to use the fiduary. But who knows, maybe in the future they will They lower the coupon, they don't have this promotion. The user will go.
16:59:30	So, this is the summarized three main strategy. So one by one, I can explain more is bring more detail. We can understand more understanding about them. But this is a a general strategy. Maybe some place some merchant. They also have special case. This is another topic. Okay But the general for their They're exclusive right now they have, I say, they have two. Okay, they have two strategies for exclusive one is they are fine also fighting, okay, with the iFood exclusive, they are also Using money, using resource planning, I feel exclusive, break their exclusive and also very aggressive money to pay them. This is mainly against SMBX. Okay, SMBX is fighting with them In the break that exclusive, because if 99 break this iPhone exclusive They will broad kita, okay? They say, oh I pay you, pay a penalty, and also pay your upfront. But if you sign with us, you cannot online Kita. This is the ZAMI exclusive Bank Kita contract And the other side is they also focus on the high-order value merchants who already online Kita. So that's why they are attacking our top merchant and why we need our teams, our BD to more close to understand the situation are this merchant connecting with the China, considering the exclusive what about their offer?
17:01:14	So they focus on this. But this they not sign the semi-exclusive. They decide fully exclusive because this merchant, actually Most of them, they don't have much order i food not they don't have much order in iFood, but they have Some of them, they have very high order, 100, 200, but they in Kita, also in 992.
17:01:42	But most of them, they are selling good at 99. But also most of them, they are low AOV, low AOV merchants and the category is also very concentrated pizza. They really like pizza, okay? I saw The… already exclusive merchants with 99 Lucentiary I finished 30 to 40% is the pizza.
17:02:10	They want to sign all the low-quality pizza like that. And burger, this very mainly is the fast food, mainly fast food So I believe, okay, there are sales team, the KPI for them is they need to sign exclusive, not for the merchant number, it's for the merchant order. You sign more exclusive order, you can get more KPI So that will make them, okay, focus on the high order, the high orders merchant. But if you go find Maybe, okay, you go to the CTC, go to the CTF to file 100 merchants They need to pay a lot. Maybe they need to pay 2 million. if they go to Jadama to It's like exclusive merchants with 200. How much do they need to pay? Daniel Yeah, maybe 100, 200 order for injurama Maybe 300K. 300K? Yeah, 40, 400K So, this good ROI, okay, they can pay much more less But they also can buy, like, a lot of the order So this is why, okay, they are more focused on on the southern on the western guarius, eastern Because They're like that rich, okay? They also force, okay, the easy one, they will move because the low quality merchant, the KP, they will much more easier to accept, they will see the money. Okay They will attract by the money much more easier to attract by the money. But if for a big restaurant, okay?
17:04:05	They are not touting the live with food delivery. Okay, why I need your 2 million, their GMV, maybe one month is 10 million, okay? So that's a different So that and also the affirm cash, okay? The affirm cash is a pretty line they can pay 10% or 20%.
17:04:35	For the GMV, for the merchants. Right now they are paid a lot, okay? They actually pay a lot like 300 case to 50 500k, okay, 500k.
17:04:48	This is the most report by our teams. Okay? And the second, they also can provide the Gmv guarantee. The Jmv guarantee from them. I think we also shared this before. They can guarantee you 15% of the Gmv in a year If you not achieve this, 15%, they will have the payback for you. But if you decide this contract, okay, you know, there will be if you want to break this contract That's a bid penalty, very, very big penalty for them.
17:05:27	This was exclusive. And the second is the aggressive price this the first zero commission is a partial commission is they are first strategy in Brazil to they are signed at the beginning because I think they are I want to sign more faster, and also use your commission to broad the price of the merchants of their menu.
17:05:57	But right now, because already one year at this this month, a lot of the CO commission contract will be expired at this month. So here is our opportunity from this month But yeah, because your commission and they can brought lot of the price that will make their price have a good, a better price than us and also than the So that's it This is the facts, okay? Their price is If we count for the average price 99 is 2% cheaper, the average 2% cheaper than Kita an iPhone 2% cheaper. Okay, it's considering the promotion. We're considering the promotion.
17:06:52	So that's how we, even we do more promotion It's difficult to catch or meet their price But right now the chances to come, okay, because they are commission, no 0 commission, no many 0 commission. So for the no 0 commission merchants We can push the restaurant, okay, they can change the price because if they charging for the commissions best known any reason for the restaurant they not balance the price between Kita and the 99. So that this is impacting for the user, impacting for the UV Okay?
17:07:42	And And because this, I think they also use some strategy to come from to guarantee the price have the advantage and the red. So then They don't allow the merchant are easier to change the price. This also is their strategy too, okay? Because at the beginning, we are also not allow the merchant change the price at the beginning in Santos But we getting a lot of the complaining from the merchant side. So we decide, okay, we open the rights for the restaurant, let them can can change the price by themselves Because if we believe, okay, at Brazil is not It's not easy if you don't leave the free, okay, for the for the merchant, because many, many of the Kp They want more free markets, okay? But Nainai is different. Okay, they don't hear about this. Okay, they just do it. They just do it.
17:08:59	I also need to know 99 PT that KPI have this the price needs to lower than Kita and the rat, they have this KPI, 99BD.
17:09:14	And number three is the area, the focus area, geography size. So You say, okay, there are more focused on the eastern, western, southern subrane area and the metropolitan area. This place Why this place? This place, the low quality merchants, they will be more easier to They are more care about the delivery business, and also they're more easier to buy them exclusive And also, it's more easier to get the user. If you get user You will… if… because if you invest, okay, the user will come very fast, okay, very fast. They come, that will make your order volume increase very fast, too.
17:10:12	Because the timeline is like this, when they are launched at San Polo, their order is like this. Okay, very fast to increase. And that time that coupon is also aggressive than right now, like I think I remember is If you Chantify, you can use chanti, okay, coupon very rapid, even you know is a new user. But I think after 2 to 3 months they find out that it's really, really burning the money because the market share is increase to more than 30%, close to 40%. Very fast, okay? So then that money burning, the speed of the money burning is very rapid. It may just like the case I say, if just 1,000 order, you're losing each order, you're losing 10. That's 10,000, not that big. But right now, man, in the whole country.
17:11:14	They already have, I think it's Maybe like, maybe… maybe close million order. So imagine that if you meet million order, each order you lose 10 hairs Every day is 10 million lose 10 million AI to Berlin Every month Every year But this money burning, can the user be can be staying? We don't know But at that time, I think they are finding out something happened. So I think it's March, April, after March, April. I'm not sure the timeline is correct or not, but remember that is this Q. Okay, they are changing the strategy. Okay, not like that aggressive. They don't give the aggressive coupon But they changed to a merchant to let merchant to do more smart campaign. And And tip discount So, and the PT, KPI also turned to this. So at that time, okay.
17:12:34	They are stop burning that their order is the stop to increase or a little decrease So that's why at that time Keita remember at Q2, apply May and June, we will go very, very fast.
17:12:55	And also, at that time, I think, if you remember, you visiting some merchant, because I remember I visited merchant at that time, they all tell me, oh, 99 degrees, key times increase. Okay, 99 is increased kitai is decreased. Why Because that time, Kita, our supply is more and more, and also our coupon also is bigger and bigger. And the 99, they decrease the coupon. So they also decrease So the user is decreased. So at that time, we are also getting many low quality user, low quality user But We are not like them aggressive, so we will We will make different strategy for different region, okay, different region. If this region is a pool, okay, we will not invest a lot. We like that. Maybe, okay, we'll invest. Okay, focus on the good incomes, good incomes use, like, every. And also this is why we we doing the lunch. Oh, the lunch strategy. Why doing lunch strategy? Because Who order dairy on lunch? Mostly is the office area, okay? Office area, most of the office area, the user, they are middle and high incomes user There will be more sustainable use can be staying. This is also a user strategy. What we different in 99 okay But like that, they're focused on the metropolitan area. You really.
17:14:44	And They can get very fast growth, but we will never know, okay? Until now, okay, can they be sustainable or not?
17:15:01	But we can guess, okay? So after you're learning from this strategy.
17:15:07	Do you find out any witness for them? Or which parts we can like the Venice we can, We can attack them too, okay? Also, we can force this Venus for them Which parts you think we have the opportunity By then The money we was over. Money is over. Yeah, yeah, that's true. Okay, the money sometime okay will over okay Okay, Ali first, okay? And Heleni, you're second.
17:15:46	Okay, now it makes sense for me why Kita is not expanding because they expanded first, st and they put themselves in a very high pressure position, because they are burning. Now they have to burn a lot. So just keep watching them suffering and they everything came back pretty much without Kita making any move. So just by patient and like you said marathon long-term fighting so you have to study everything very patiently and make your move after calculations, and I think the fight will be more reactive. So you wait, you see the competitor, what they do, study it, then you make your move.
17:16:31	Yeah, okay, very good, okay. Chuka, okay? Any, okay. So I think we can beat them in two things. First is the menu that our menu is flexible, as I said, and the second one, instead of burning money upfront, we invest on them in exposure, promotions, coupons, and customer acquisition. So I think these two strategies Okay, yeah, we're good. The manual, okay, right now we can focus. Yeah You too can combine the same answer together. Pra sopre que tempo en la fara comakitas de trabalha, no toden clata crena no clientes e cojentes.
17:17:25	Unica. your brother to translate. who buy in 99 is they just buy there, because have discount. And in our app, we have a lot of people who is fixes in our app. So it's that Not really understand. What's this strategy for us can use? The two strategies, I would say the same, the same answers, for example. The 99 invests a lot in exclusivity, and invests a lot in promotions. So, the users, the clients from 99 Once only promotions and it is. How we can get this marketing and these users' shoes with experience to the merchant and to the user shoes. For example, when the 99 is top, your promotions stop your investments in promotions The users will change your platform because this. But our strategy is with experience. So to the users and to the merchants, the merchants stay with us because they experience, not because the price or because the money But even they are lower the subsidy provide the user Want to change. We need to think, right? Okay. Yeah, this is true, okay, user, we want user change. We also need some strategy to make user change. But how to make user change? This is important. Okay, give a car, okay?
17:19:00	Okay, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah. Y como compania, e o h este tamerent faze no bono servico, dano coupons.
17:19:30	E via qualidades. He said that he thinks that we are doing a good job to educate the merchants that why it's not good to sign exclusivity for many reasons, and also we are giving, like, some training to the BD, so this is a good strategy. Yes.
17:19:58	Okay, and we are educating also the final consumer to buy with us because of the quality of the service, not only the coupons, but they become recurrent because they like the, you know, user experience in the app. So quality of There For the final, okay? Give you the final, okay? You tell me how to beat them 99 can give support to the customers, and also to the merchants, and Lack of support and transparency with the merchants that can cause the merchants to not be sustainable in the platform.
17:20:46	So lack of support from BD, the platform, our support, right? And also we have better service, right? Transparency with values and transparency. We have more transparency and everything. We are support our support, okay? These are Our sales team, okay, is the most powerful weapon. Okay, good, okay.
17:21:08	Okay, Matthias, okay, why not? I think it's not sustainable because if you only expend the money and your operations, your all transactions is in the negative fear, negative profit This is not sustainable in the long term. So, if you look for one or two years, all strategy in 99 is based in sustainable. This strategy for one or two years, because in his opinion, their opinion Kida will quit drop off the brazbo operation and so then they will think in the new strategy to make profits in 99. So that's why it's not because we will not quit, we will not drop off. We will win this game. Okay, yeah, okay. Also, Tuka. Okay, so this is what Matthews says this is surgery is We are also paying the markets, investing the markets, but also we We need to combine whose ROI is much higher. Like, I invest Haos 99 invest one house. We can get maybe 3 hairs GMV, and they only can get two hairs GMV. So that's our this is the efficiency, the operation efficiency is higher Then we can make lower cost, have a higher GMV incomes. So this is also is the strategy, okay, huh, good strategy, okay, we are doing. Now, this is how we can like, okay.
17:23:00	If… if I, okay, we are user, maybe for a simple example is okay, we can use 10% subsidy and our Bd, because our Bd relationship, our Bd capability is better. They can get higher promotion, lower price than 99 or 99, they need diabet, they need 20%.
17:23:25	They need 20%. to get the same promotion, then we win in efficiency. Our sales teams capability because our relationship is better or is using our relationship is better than them We make our the merchants can make the 99 price is higher than us also is another way. This is what we can do in the price strategy.
17:23:58	So this is our opportunity So Here I have some summarized Yeah, we all, saying this.
17:24:13	The aggressive pricing strategy is impossible, sustainable, but the question is the time. How long can not sustainable How long it can he can, Continue to do this aggressive half years One year, two years, we don't know, okay? We don't know. Because I will share the DD's financial report with you, okay? You will know, okay? Because we… from here, we also can see the strategy from this mother company from the China, how they are what they're doing, what they are thinking, the strategy in Brazil, how they are investing, how much patients they have But Like I'm saying with you, they have maybe, okay, if the whole country, they already have 1 million order. If each order is losing 10 hairs, every day is 10 million.
17:25:22	But maybe it's higher than 10 heads loose, okay? We don't… I don't know. Okay, I just say a number, okay?
17:25:29	So this is a big amount, okay? And every day, every day, every day, every day. So I don't think there's any company can continue like this. If they not continue Okay, they are lower the lower subsidy. They cannot give more funds Then someday, the contract will Aspire. Most of them, the first pair of the contracts two years. Okay. Here is one years. Okay. And next year is two year The key type will not go, okay? We are here, okay? So after that, that's meaning they are first invest the money is wasting If or if they can repaint these merchants, repraining, okay, last time I pay you two million right now I also pay you keep paying pay you two million to keep keeping these merchants exclusive And on Also, for their subsidy can keep paying this aggressive subsidy Hmm They need to, if they want to maintain the market-like country, they need to keeping do this. They need to keep into this.
17:26:50	It cannot change. So, I just because yesterday I just read these reports.
17:27:05	The financial in the Q2. And also, I think this will also our mother company also publish the financial reports in China, too. Okay, Maitland. Okay, so the whole GTV Gtv is almost the same with Gmv. Okay, it's 12 plus 6 billion US dollar, this including the mobility business in China. China the DDE, they are almost dominate the China mobility market. They have 70% of the market share, because China, there are no Uber, okay? They buy the China Uber, okay, and they buy the China Uber before They beat Uber mobility in China. So that's the only they are the dominated market. They like i food in Brazil food dairy before. Okay. So in variety. But They have this amount of Gmv, but their net profit is 42 million. 42 million US dollar. And also when I read the Why, okay, they have a big GMV, but they are very low profits because this support free of the profit rate What kind of business you will do for profit You put the money in the bank is high, right? The main point is not them. They cannot profitable is they are moving all the profit from the China to Brazil So, you see China mobility is a market for Maybe I think also it's a 500 million population markets, mobility business to get the money, okay, to go back to Brazil. If they want to be become again with a real public company This never will be sustainable, okay? Because if you want to be a real public company, the The shareholder, okay, you know Chinese, okay? The shareholder will not allow this, okay? The shareholder will not allow this. They will not never allow this, okay? So just lie, if we like them to very aggressive, to open Many, many facilities to burning the cash without have a very good strategy to break IFU exclusive our shareholder also will not satisfy for us the return shareholder also will not satisfy for us to So that is from the financial reports to read why they are not sustainable This is interesting, okay?
17:30:12	I think sometimes if you talk with some maybe low quality merchant maybe you're not understanding this. Okay, but in the central area merchants, some maybe good quality merchant. You're showing the news to them. You're showing this to them. They will think, wow, you are a professional Do you think, okay, this, yeah, this is real, okay? Who will do the business with 0.3 profit rate?
17:30:39	Nobody will do this right now Okay. The first And the second, I think The second also is for connecting with us. I think it's our most advantage.
17:30:54	Not just the economy, but also life This company, what they are doing is Just like I say, they're not doing the right thing. They're not doing the right thing, they're just doing the easy thing The whole strategy for them right now doing It's just one. I need faster to keep Kita out of Brazil. This their priority, they think, okay, they are not thinking I need to make the Brazil food dairy market to increase a lot. That strategy focusing on this So how a business, how is a company, their business target is to keep the competitor out to have to make is their main I don't think I never see this, okay? I never see this that will subsist. Because, okay, if you turn around light, your main target is I need to grow the business to a lot, okay, double size the markets, okay And the same time, I get the market share from my competitor. That is the the main the the deriving, okay, we do to do is not I keep Kita out. Okay, to make There are no maitoin in Brazil markets And so they are doing aggressive strategy. So this is the different volume. Okay. And also, because this So they don't have a customer sentries, so that's We can think why 99 have the strategy is they don't allow the merchants To change the menu price Why they have many BD what they are doing Without the merchant conform to setting the promotions And yeah, so that's And also at the beginning, I saw a very straight face. The multiple onboarding, very.
17:33:06	Many, many, okay, many, many multiple onboarding. the multiple onboarding is not different category. It's the same store. Okay, same name, same menu, same photo. They can open 20 merchants. What's the meaning? Okay, just give the commission to the Bd right So let's not do the Thriving is not to do the right thing so we can, from the from the fats to understand the background, why they are doing And also, I never I'm doubting, okay, they never will earn the merchant chance Except the merchant they are paid okay 2 million 50 K, okay? But how many they can pay How many merchant they can pay Right? They're paid. Okay Maybe pizza 60 pizza. But in San Paulo there are 1,000 of the pizza store They cannot pay for 1000 pizzas, though.
17:34:17	They pay for the SMB. SMB In the Brazil market The normal SMB is the It's everywhere, right? It's everywhere. Okay, you pay maybe it's very local here, though. You're paying them. Okay, this is It's a good strategy, but they cannot pay because a local hero, they're not that easy to pay to receive their money So Okay, so this is from my path. I hope From my sharing, you can learn more about their strategy and share this, go back to your team. Okay, share more with Bd. And also I need all of you to a more close market to help the BD defending this case and using this strategy, you will be more professional. Okay, you will be more professional. I think if the merchant he have He Korea my, okay? He's a merchant, he's a career mind. Okay, he can listen to us and that will improve our defending successful rates. Okay. So And also here today I also because right now we are under attack, we all don't know what we have, okay? They're paying money. They're paying a lot of money. So what we have, what we can provide. So we also upgrade our offer and also upgrade our resource So right now we have, I think I summarized that we have this resource First, okay, we can… yeah, some case we can provide sale commission. We can provide maybe period of sale, some period of CO commissions And also a free dairy subsidy subsidy is all paid for Makita, okay? 3D subsidy And also, yeah, the the subsidy for the items. Okay, the subsidy for the item marketing budget, marketing credit like this marketing credit, they can use this like I give you 100 K of the mine credit, you can use this to buy the exposure at Kita. Then we make you have more exposure to make you also have more order more business.
17:36:55	And also the pro, the premium delivery, okay? You know, all know this right now we are growing this lot, okay? The premier delivery is this I think is the most is the good quality pizza, good quality Japanese sushi, they really like this. Okay? The big box. Okay, this premier delivery.
17:37:18	But this fire resource that we will combine not every merchant, they can get it all because from this month, okay, we will understand each case, case by case, our strategy, okay, we'll review. So, how is 99 offer, how we can provide Kitas offer Okay, we confirm this offer to you, okay? And then you get this offer as your sole time. Okay, you need, okay, try your best, okay, to convince the merchant Don't accept that Affum, okay? Tonga sa te affirm But sometimes we need to Yeah, sometime we will accept some very low-quality merchant we are losing, okay? Because if we find We need to balance, okay, the resource is we can pay for it. It's deserve we pay for it or not deserve to pay for it.
17:38:17	Because I've been not ready by the lease, okay, to pay everything. We need to force remember RY, how to pay efficiency, the RI.
17:38:31	But of course, I know, okay, most of you have doubts. So the SMBX is a painting the cash And 99 also are very aggressive to painting. So why we cannot to painting to defending our restaurant, our high order restaurant Oh So, why we don't… we cannot offer the offer money The last question, okay, I will pass Kinko Why?
17:39:00	Why are we not playing I think is the for using for performance and exclusivity for the merchant, all the other things With the KP can be expand your money.
17:39:23	I don't know. Okay. I'm not really understanding what you mean, okay? Okay. Okay, give a car, okay?
17:39:30	Yeah Every table have one answer. Agenticento Okay, because we invest in the good quality merchants, and it doesn't make sense to burn money in every merchant, because, quality is very important for us, so we prefer to invest the resources in other ways to develop these machines.
17:40:08	Or maybe good quality, we also know we cannot pay the affirm to Yeah, that's fine, okay, one car, okay? There. There, there, there.
17:40:38	The upfront solves something right now and quickly and appointing things. Not something in the long term. Okay.
17:40:47	not sustainable. Not sustainable, yeah. Okay, okay. Who? You choose who answer. Hanetta?
17:40:57	Okay. Thank you. Gita prefer to invest on customer to decide which merchant he will order your preferred food Yeah, it's good, okay? Yeah Okay, one car.
17:41:17	But yeah, the last table. Every table had one time, okay? Plataforma.
17:41:41	If you know the immersion will get orders, we'll get money with us, and more profit is not rentable to us. Pay this before, and they only teach the merchant, oh, you will get more orders for you, you can get money with us with orders, not Before get these orders Okay.
17:42:02	Okay. Yeah, we are doing business together, okay? We are not investing you do the business, okay? That's the value, okay? We are paying for the exclusive because we don't have a choice We try not pay, but this market not allowed because they need penalty. If we not pay, we will losing all the exclusive But imagine, okay.
17:42:29	The merchant who already cooperate with us, they also, they are selling good with us We still need to pay them for them What is the impact?
17:42:41	Imagine, what's the impact Yeah? What's the impact? Okay, you pay one, you pay second, you pay 3 Then there will be four, will be 10, will be 100. Everyone will find you. Give me money All I will exclusive with 99.
17:43:02	Right And just to share, we are paying some penalty fees through BRIC exclusivity from iFood, right? And some merchants, for example, in my district, they say that Kita is paying for their restaurants like 99. So they ask Hey, can you give us money? So even us, we are not doing the same strategy. They keep asking us for money. Imagine what's happening now with the 99BDs They created this war. It's pain, not just penalty. Okay, we need to invest and then we can convince them to Breaktham exclusive exclusive. That's the truth, okay, the market, okay, I think there's no… any secret for the market, okay? But There's no choice. Okay, for the break exclusive. So here is we can. We can with the the the final line. Okay, we can. We can keep is They are exclusive. You are not exclusive. This is two different. We are just do the business, okay? We want to do the whole business, the better business. So We need to, yeah, difficult, okay? If you pay or you not pay, all will have have a challenging or will have a challenging right but right now we choose not pay. Okay, we choose to not pay because We believe, okay, if we actually non-exclusive for existing merchant, we… we painting That's not just one or two is no limiting, it's no limit in the future Just lying You see 99, the same, okay, they are paying, they are paying, they keep paying.
17:45:01	But who knows in their insight I think I believe also have a lot of the merchant, they don't receive the offer that complain, or they will They will offline, maybe close, maybe not investing 99 After That will be happen Because they also cannot pay everyone, okay? They also cannot pay everyone And also like SMBS too. SMBS is also cannot pay each one. Every break exclusive, okay? We also Because food delivery is a very low profit, very low profit business, very low profit business. You investing for the subsidy and also you paying the merchants So how sustainable in the future? We can imagine, okay. So something we need to have the basic line, okay, we cannot cross the basic line. So that's how, okay We use scientists resource to defend and try our best to defend, but we need to find out the truth and we cannot let each merchant easier, even if we cannot let them Very easy. Very easier to exclusive with 99. Even, okay, we can make 99 offer be higher, okay? Okay, at the beginning, maybe, because at the beginning, they offer maybe 100k I heard is the lower offense they are paying is, 15K, okay, for a merchant is exclusive, very low, because this merchant, they need to pay back the credit card, okay?
17:47:02	So But they find out they're paying a low often they cannot get the restaurant. So we are forcing them, okay, they are improved increase a lot of the oven right now they at least need to pay 30K… 300k, 500K, maybe some they can pay, need to pay 900k. But these are not sustainable and it's not for every merchants for not not for every merchants We need to understand the facts, okay? And also we case by case because Not every merchant is like the art firm, okay? Not every merchant like the art firm. Okay So next We can, let the king go. I think we can go to the next part, okay?
17:47:57	Yeah, okay, thank you. Okay, I think before my part, I think we can give Lucas one more round of applause, right? Because today he delivered four sessions Yeah. Hey, David, four sessions for us. Don't worry, I will try to finish this faster because I know the rules. Okay So now regarding two part, I think there are one point is very touching, very, very touching for me. I think the big Gabriel, sorry, Gabriel Faria mentioned this part when Lucas asked us, why Kita didn't pay Because we don't have this habit because we don't have this habit. To be honest, we face a lot of different kind of market, not a lot, but from the China mainland to now, we didn't pay anything for the merchant. We just cooperate You know, we just deliver our service, we just try to try to invest, not invest, try to give them more service, use another way help because maybe this is because our value, our company's value will help people to eat better, live better. We're not like this. Oh, you are very good you know for us from our view, from the companies perspective. I think every merchant, whatever, maybe now you are the C merchant, maybe now you are the A merchant, but for us, it's the same. Maybe in the future, you will from… you will from the C to the A. Maybe you will from the S to the A.
17:49:46	Right? So we cannot to imagine in the future what will happen. But what we want? We want to try to fail in our platform. We try to fail to every we want to try to fare with every merchant to give them as more as we can as a maximum Benefit and try to fare with each merchant. This is the reason why I think, from my view, from my view, this is the 1st reason. A second reason is, yes, we we prefer to put this money to the market, not to the merchants. We prefer to go to give them every day. If you owe every day because I don't I'm not good at cooking So every day I use Kita. So every day I can see whatever, whenever, and I will get a coupon, you know, every day, at least three coupon, at least a three coupon, right? So I think this is our way. We prefer to put the money to the Seaside, not to the merchant side, but trust me, in the future we will put to the item subsidy. Yeah, this is the second point. And third point is, yes, imagine if we give one merchant give you 5,000, give him 10,000 one day, he will ask our BD. Why? You give him 5, you just give me 10. Okay, he will how to say that word? Sorry, Weixie pursued, right? He will pursue you, right? Why? You give him 5, you give him 10, you give me him 10, you give me just 5 I think, give me 5 more. If you're not, I will go offline. What will you do? So I think this is the third point. Yeah. Okay, so this is summarized. Now, what is the next part? Next part is to… at the beginning, I prepared three cases But I think I don't have time. So now I will choose one very typical cases. I think there are so many, because I from the Cdc, you know the the Central Western, every time we will face the 99 and the red, you know, the hardest attack, right? So now we want to share one case to you, and now From this… from this lesson, from this session, I think you, I hope every team, you can do the teamwork to brainstorm, and after your discussion, and you can share. Now, if you… now, if you… we were the BD, if you were the B If we were a BD, how can you convince this Kp to stay at keta? Yeah, this is the last Teamwork for today. Okay, clear Okay, so now I will share this case to our recent lead, this group, and I will share all the details to you. You can check the group Any question?
17:52:37	Any question? I'll talk about the questioner when you're sending this.
17:53:33	icicio. que habigino Learning Hub. Ca Brigad. leadership training, todos vocado nel. Estes aqui sonas institha vidade. Tacert. Tam voce este… how many times did you go?
17:54:28	How many times they have? 50 minutes. 10 minutes? Yeah, 10… I think 10 minutes is right back. 10 minutes, 10 minutes.
17:54:40	Valangara.
